Document how to run local module tests with dev versions of nf-core and/or Nextflow (#753)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/tutorials/dsl2_modules_tutorial.md

Hopefully everything runs smoothly, and we are then ready to open a pull request, and contribute to the nf-core community.

> If you don't have a `pytest` command in your nf-core environment, or you're notified there's no `--symlinks` option, try a later version of nf-core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save you having to install `pytest-workflow` separately it was added as a dependency for nf-core/tools (`>= 1.13.2`). However, if you find that you don't have a `pytest` command in your nf-core environment, or you're notified there's no `--symlinks` option, you could try and install a later version of nf-core/tools to see if that works instead.
```

> In case there are errors, check if the Nextflow version you used was too old.
> You can see this in `log.err` in the directory where output from the test was run (recorded in the output from the command), e.g.: `Nextflow version 20.10.0 does not match workflow required version: >=20.11.0-edge`.
> To run the test with a later version of Nextflow, in this case 21.04.0-edge (see [Nextflow's release page](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/releases)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum Nextflow version required to run the tests can be found in [this `nextflow.config` file](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/d63ff4ba1b08cd0dc05c375efa69885297de7507/tests/config/nextflow.config#L28) in the nf-core/modules repository. If the version of Nextflow you are using is older than the version specified there you may get an error such as `Nextflow version 20.10.0 does not match workflow required version: >=20.11.0-edge`. The error will be reported in `log.err` in the directory where the outputs from the tests were generated. See the Nextflow [releases](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/releases) and [installation](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation) pages to install a later version.
```
